apps sc: Added support for swift in rclone-sync. (#1601)
elastisys/compliantkubernetes-apps: WIP-CHANGELOG.md

- Add networkpolicy generator chart with common rules
- Added option to enable harbor GC via config
- Added openstack api metrics.

> - Added Swift type for rclone-sync and bucket type on buckets for rclone-sync.

Reviewer: Maybe this could be made a bit clearer, like
```suggestion
- Added support for Swift in rclone-sync.
  - It is now possible to specify type (S3/Swift) per bucket.
```
?

Author: Yeah that is better. I'll change it to that before merging.
